Ah!
Your room is on the far left of the second floor.
The housework at home is done by a chair
Let him get what he needs and wants to eat
If you travel, let Li Shu give it to you.
The biggest task now is to heal well
Take good care
Take good care of yourself
Well, I'll take you on a journey later.
This is your room
Do you like this arrangement?
If you don't like it, you can change it again.
I like it very much.
Thank you, uncle.
The one opposite is my bedroom.
This is my study
I usually work in the study
You can contact me if you have anything.
Um, OK.
Ah, wait for me.
The room is so cozy
Why does it feel like the uncle knows that I'm coming back?
That thing
I have investigated it clearly.
It's okay, I've long forgotten
Even if you forget
Should you pay back your innocence or should you pay back your innocence?
only
A little late
I thought...
I will never get my song back
uncle
Thanks.
you
The goose maze is beautiful
Romantic flowers should have